DESCRIPTION:

    This example demonstrates the cross reference capabilities of the
    MULTI Editor.

  - Autocompletion:
    The Editor will automatically parse the current source file and
    any included header files to determine what functions are
    available. When you start typing a function name the Editor can
    autocomplete the name and provide the function prototype.

  - Autocompleting when there are multiple similar function names:
    There are several key bindings to display possible completions
    when you have typed in part of a function name which matches
    several different functions.

  - Jump to function definition:
    The editor provides a quick way to jump to the definition of
    a function within the current file, or to view all functions
    defined in the current file.

  - Complete Cross Reference Information:
    The Editor will automatically determine function information about
    the current file and the files that it includes. There is also a
    way to get full cross reference information for an entire project,
    including all uses of functions and variables.


DEMO SCRIPT:

1. Open Editor on hello.cc.

    If you attempt to build this project it will fail with an error in
    the hello.cc file, this is intentional.

2. Follow the instructions in the comments of the hello.cc source file.

    The hello.cc file contains a number of steps showing features of
    the editor. Refer to these comments for instructions.


TROUBLESHOOTING:

1. "Generate Cross References" is not an option in the Editor.

    If you open the Editor from the Debugger the cross reference
    generation options will not be available. This is because the
    information has already been generated and so is not needed.

2. 'No cross reference is found for object "Shop"'

    Be sure you have generated cross references in the Editor. In this
    example, the editor is launched from the Project Manager or Project
    Builder, not the Debugger, so you need to generate cross references
    first.
